ZEP-2640 Update failure codes with new format (#41)
zeptofs/nz-api-documentation: source/index.html.md

For example:

> * DE amount `$1.50` will cause the credit transaction to fail, triggering the credit failure code `E554-150` (Voided By Admin).
> * DE amount `$2.06` will cause the debit transaction to fail, triggering the debit failure code `E554-206` (Account Not Found).

Reviewer: Since direct entry is the only payment rail, perhaps we can drop it here (and other places?), as we did with the headings. 

```suggestion
* Amount `$1.50` will cause the credit transaction to fail, triggering the credit failure code `E554-150` (Voided By Admin).
* Amount `$2.06` will cause the debit transaction to fail, triggering the debit failure code `E554-206` (Account Not Found).
```

  ]
}
```

> The rejected, returned & voided statuses are always accompanied by a failure code, title and detail as listed below. '544' denotes ISO 3166-1 numeric code for NZ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rejected, returned & voided statuses are always accompanied by a failure code, title and detail as listed below. '544' denotes ISO 3166-1 numeric code for New Zealand.
```
